By this curious turn of disposition I have gained the reputation of deliberate heartlessness. Only I can understand this.
Guests are so rare in this house that I and my dogs hardly know how to receive them, and I am willing to own them.
I found him very intelligent on the topics we talked about. Before I went home, I volunteered to visit him again the next day.
I stared -- she stared too. At any rate, she kept her eyes on me in a cool, unemotional manner, which was irritating.
Seeing myself in a mistake, I tried to rectify it.
By the end of eleven years, however, Mrs. Price could no longer afford to be proud or resentful, or to lose one connection that could have helped her.
A niece of ours, Sir Thomas, I may say, or at least of yours, would not be without many advantages in this neighbourhood.
You are thinking of your children, but do you not know that, of all the things in the world, this is the least likely to occur, that they should be raised together as brothers and sisters?
I dare say there is always some tradesman's wife or another rising up.
Mrs. Norris was sorry to say that the little girl would not be able to stay with them any longer, as things were at that time.
And what was the secret of expression or form that gave her glance its dynamic quality?
Around two long tables were gathered two serried crowds of people. All the people were staring straight at the tables.
His attention was caught, however, by a young lady. She was standing not far from him, but her eyes were not on him.
But in the course of that survey her eyes met Deronda's, and she was unpleasantly conscious that they were arrested, and instead of averting them as she would have desired to do.
In the evening the same room was more stiflingly hot. The gas lamps in the stalls were brilliant, and the dancers floated their trains along the stage.
I wish my father or my mother, or both of them, had been more mindful of what they were doing when they conceived me. They were both bound by duty.
Believe me, good people, this is not so insignificant as you might think it.
To my uncle Mr. Toby Shandy I owe my indebtedness for the preceding anecdote, for my father, who was an excellent natural philosopher, had oft complained of the injury, and was much given to close reasoning upon the smallest matters.
These last words, you must know, were not according to the old form in which such licences, powers, and privileges were usually granted to the sisterhood.
I maintain that this is a dedication, despite its singularity in the three great essentials of nature: form and place.
As the Fair manager looks into the bustling place, a feeling of profound melancholy comes over him in his survey of the bustling place.
A reflective man, walking through such an exhibition, will not be oppressed, I take it, by his own or by the hilarity of others.
Some people consider fairs to be immoral. They do not go to fairs with their servants and families.
What more does the performance manager have to say?
In the present case, the "billet" was used to mean the following:
They had grown up together from childhood, but Margaret had never thought about it until the last few days, when the prospect of soon losing her companion seemed to give force to every sweet quality and charm which Edith possessed. Margaret had always thought that Edith was beautiful.
No one thought about it, but Margaret's tall, finely made figure, in the black silk dress which she was wearing as mourning for some distant relative of her father, set off the gorgeous shawls that Edith would have been buried in.
If Mrs. Shaw had known the real reason why Mrs. Hale did not go with her husband, she would have thrown gowns upon her. But it had been nearly twenty years since Mrs. Shaw had been the poor pretty Miss Beresford, and she had forgotten all her grievances, except that she could not stand the disparity of age in married life.
It was "parler du soleil et l'on en voit les rayons". The sun shone through the window, and when she saw him she put down her board and shook his hand.
Here was she disturbed and unhappy, because her instinct had made anything but a refusal impossible; while he, not many minutes after he had met with a rejection of what ought to have been the deepest, holiest proposal of his life, could speak as if his desires for success, for a good house, for a clever and pleasant society, were the only things that mattered.
It is not affirmed that you shall not have a taste of the exciting, perhaps towards the middle and close of the meal, but it is resolved that the first dish set upon the table shall be cold lentils and vinegar without oil; it shall be unleavened bread with bitter herbs, and no roast lamb. The first dish set upon the table shall be cold lentils and vinegar without oil.
Mr. Sweeting complains that his roast beef is very tough. Mr. Donne complains that his beer is too flat.
For the rest, he was a conscientious, hard-headed, hard-handed, brave, stern, implacable, faithful little man. He was ungentle, prejudiced, but a man true to principle, honourable, sagacious, and sincere.
It was only on the consideration of Moore being a sort of outcast and alien, and having but half measure of British blood to temper the foreign gall which corroded his veins, that he brought himself to listen, even though he wanted to slap the man who was speaking.
A Yorkshire gentleman he was, par excellence, in every point; his hair was silver white, and he was about fifty-five years old.
Let the reader be introduced to Lady Carbury, as she sits at her writing-table in her own room in her own house in Welbeck Street, and to her husband, who is also a writer, and to her children.
Something of the nature of her devotion may be learned by reading three letters. She had written them with a quick hand, and had not finished them.
She was the widow of Sir Patrick Carbury. He had been a soldier in India, and had been made a baronet later in life.
From all this it had come to pass that that dabbling in literature, partly as a passport into society, partly perhaps from a sense of pleasure in the work, had been converted into hard work by which money if possible might be earned.
Lady Carbury's house in Welbeck Street was a modest house, but she had made it pretty and pleasant, and was still proud to feel that in spite of the hardness of her position she had comfortable belongings around her when her literary friends came to see her on her Tuesday evenings. She had some money in her hands when she first took it.
By blood she was connected with big people; indeed, she was connected with some very big people indeed, people who belonged to the Upper Ten Hundred, but she knew and saw little of them, and they did not care for her as much as she cared for them.
It was a small house on the south side of the street. It was between two large mansions. The house seemed to be crushed between the two mansions.
However, as a member of the latter party, my opinion may have an undue bias.
Vavasor did not roam about in the woods unshorn. He did not wear leathern trappings and sandals, like Robinson Crusoe, instead of coats and trousers.
Alice was very happy. She had been a minister with Kate to her cousin George's idle fantasies. Without Kate, Alice would have had to rush around with George all the time.
On such an afternoon, if ever, the Lord High Chancellor ought to be sitting here, with a foggy glory round his head, softly fenced in with crimson cloth and curtains, and outwardly directing his contemplation to the lantern in the roof, where he can see nothing but fog. 
On such an afternoon some score of members of the High Court of Chancery bar ought to be, as here they are, tripping one another up on slippery precedents, groping knee-deep in technicalities, running their goat-hair and horsehair warded heads against walls of words and making a pretence of equity with serious faces, as players might.
My Lady Dedlock has returned to her house in town for a few days before she leaves for Paris. She is not sure how much time she will be in Paris, but she will probably stay some weeks.
My heart was so filled with emotion by what he had said, and by how he had said it, that I could not speak, though I tried.
He did not speak to me any more until he got out of the coach a little way short of Reading. He shook hands with me and told me to be a good girl and to be careful.
It is a universally acknowledged fact that a single man must have a wife, if he has good fortune.
However little known the feelings or views of such a man may be on his first entering a neighborhood, he is considered as the rightful property of some one or other of their daughters by the surrounding families.
"My dear Mr. Bennet," said his wife one day, "have you heard that Netherfield Park has been opened?"
Mr. Bennet answered that he had not.
"But it is," she answered, "because Mrs. Long has just been here, and she told me all about it."
Mr. Bennet waited on Mr. Bingley because he was very kind. 
He had always intended to visit him, but always promised his wife that he would not go. She did not know about the visit until the evening after it was paid.
Then it was revealed in the following manner. 
When he saw his second daughter trimming a hat, he suddenly said, "I hope Mr. Bingley will like it, Lizzy".
"We do not know what Mr. Bingley likes," said her mother, "because we are not allowed to visit him."
Not all that Mrs. Bennet, however, could ask her husband, was sufficient to draw from him any satisfactory description of Mr. Bingley, but she could ask her five daughters.
They attacked him in various ways; with barefaced questions, ingenious suppositions, and distant surmises; but he eluded the skill of them all, until, finally, Lady Lucas was forced to tell them what she knew.
The report was very positive. 
Sir William was very pleased with him. 
He was quite young, wonderfully handsome, very agreeable, and, to crown the whole, he wanted to be elected to Parliament.
Between him and Darcy there was a friendship, although they did not always like each other.
Bingley was endeared to Darcy by the easiness, openness, and ductility of his temper. Darcy liked Bingley because he was different from everyone else, and because he was honest and sincere.
On the strength of Darcy's regard Bingley had the highest opinion, and in his judgment the strongest.
Bingley was not very clever, but Darcy was. 
However, he was also haughty and reserved. His manners, although well-bred, were not inviting.
You will be glad to hear that no catastrophe has accompanied the beginning of an enterprise that you had so dreadfully anticipated.
I arrived here yesterday, and my first task is to assure my dear sister that I am well, and that my undertaking will be a success.
I am already far north of London, and as I walk in the streets of Petersburgh, I feel a cold northern breeze braces my nerves and fills me with delight. I can hardly wait to get to London.
Do you understand that feeling?
This breeze, which has travelled from those icy regions to which I am advancing, has given me a taste of them.
At that moment, down went Alice after it. She never thought about how she would get out again.
The rabbit-hole went straight on like a tunnel for a while, and then suddenly dropped down very deep. Alice did not have time to stop herself before she fell into a very deep well.
Either the well was very deep, or she fell very slowly. As she went down, she had time to look around her and to wonder what would happen next.
She tried to look down to see what she was in, but it was too dark to see. Then she saw that the sides of the well were filled with cupboards and book-shelves. She also saw that there were maps and pictures hung on the walls.
She took a jar from one of the shelves as she passed and tried to put some orange marmalade in it, but it was empty, so she put it into one of the cupboards as she fell past it, because she did not want to drop the jar and kill someone below.
The practical thing was to find rooms in the city, but it was a warm season, and I had just left a country of wide lawns and friendly trees. When a young man at the office suggested that we move in together, I thought it was a wonderful idea.
He found the house, a weather-beaten cardboard bungalow at eighty a month, but I went out to the country alone, and the firm ordered him to Washington.
I had a dog, at least I had him for a few days until he ran away. I had an old Dodge and a Finnish woman. She made my bed and cooked breakfast and spoke to herself over the electric stove.
It was lonely for a day or so until one morning I was walking along the road and a man stopped me.
"How do you get to West Egg?" he asked desperately.
To Sherlock Holmes, she is always beautiful.
I have rarely heard her called by any other name. 
In his eyes, she dominates and dominates her entire sex. 
However, he never felt any romantic feelings for Irene Adler.
All feelings, and that one in particular, were abhorrent to his cold, calculating mind.
When the light summer wind blew through the garden, the studio was filled with the smell of roses. When the wind blew through the trees, the smell of lilac or pink-flowering thorn came through the open door.
From the corner of the divan of Persian saddle-bags on which he was lying, smoking, as was his custom, innumerable cigarettes, Lord Henry Wotton could just catch the gleam of the honey-sweet and honey-coloured blossoms of a laburnum, whose tremulous branches seemed hardly able to bear the burden of a beauty so flamelike as theirs; and now and then the fantastic shadows of birds in flight flitted across the long tussore-silk curtains that were stretched in front of the huge window, and making him think of those pallid, jade-faced painters of Tokyo who, through the medium of an art that is necessarily immobile, seek to convey the sense of swiftness and motion, the sense of being at speed.
The sullen murmur of the bees shouldering their way through the long unmown grass seemed to make the stillness more oppressive. The bees would circle the dusty gilt horns of the straggling woodbine.
The dim roar of London was like a distant pipe organ.
In the centre of the room, clamped to an upright easel, stood the full-length portrait of Basil Hallward, and in front of it, some little distance away, was sitting the artist himself, Basil Hallward, whose sudden disappearance some years ago gave rise to so many strange conjectures.
One morning, Gregor Samsa woke up from a bad dream. In his dream, he had turned into a horrible monster.
He lay on his armour-like back, and if he lifted his head a little, he could see his belly. It was slightly domed and had stiff sections.
The bedding could hardly cover it, and it seemed as if it would fall off. 
His many legs were very thin, compared to his body. They waved around helplessly as he looked.
"What is happening to me?" he asked.
On an exceptionally hot evening early in July a young man came out of the garret in which he lodged and walked slowly towards the river but did not stop.
His landlady, however, did not meet him on the staircase.
His garret was more like a cupboard than a room. It was under the roof of a high, five-story house.
The landlady who provided him with garret, dinners, and attendance, lived on the floor below. Every time he went out, he had to go through her kitchen, because the door was always open.
And every time he passed, the young man felt sick and frightened. He would scowl and be embarrassed.
He was very in debt to his landlady. He did not want to meet her.
This was not because he was cowardly and abject, quite the contrary; but because he had been irritable for some time, almost to the point of hypochondria.
He had become so absorbed in himself that he did not even want to meet his landlady, or anyone else, for that matter.
He was crushed by poverty, but he had stopped worrying about his situation.
However, when he came out into the street this evening, he realized his fears.
Buck Mulligan came down the stairs with a bowl of lather. He had a mirror and a razor in his hand.
A yellow dressinggown, ungirdled, rested gently behind him as he walked.
When he finished, he said: Introibo ad altare Dei.
When he reached the top, he looked down the stairs and called out:
Come up, Kinch, come up, come up!
He then proceeded to install the round gunrest.
Then he turned around and blessed the tower, the surrounding land, and the dawning mountains.
Then, when he saw Stephen Dedalus, he bent down to him and did quick crosses in the air. Dedalus gurgled and shook his head.
Stephen Dedalus, displeased and sleepy, leaned his arms on the top of the staircase and looked coldly at the shaking gurgling face that blessed him. Dedalus could not understand why the animal was so happy.
Buck Mulligan peeked out from under the mirror and quickly covered the bowl.
It is a melancholy object to those who walk through this great town, or travel in the country, when they see the streets, the roads, and cabbin-doors crowded with beggars, followed by three, four, or six children, all in rags, and importuning every passenger for an alms.
These mothers, instead of being able to work for their honest livelihood, are forced to employ all their time in strolling to beg sustenance for their helpless infants who, as they grow up, either sell themselves to the Barbadoes, or fight for the Pretender in Spain, or turn thieves for want of work.
But my intention is not to provide only for the children of beggars, but to provide for all infants at a certain age, whose parents have as little means to support them as the beggars who demand our charity in the streets.
For my part, having turned my thoughts for many years upon this important subject, I have always found them grossly mistaken in their computation, and maturely weighed the several schemes of our projectors.
Again I subtract fifty thousand, for those women who miscarry, and for those who become sick and die within a year.
Only a hundred and twenty thousand poor children are born every year.
Therefore, I humbly submit my own thoughts, which I hope will not be objected to in the slightest.
I have been assured by a very knowing American of my acquaintance in London, that a young healthy child well nursed, is, at a year old, a most delicious nourishing food, whether stewed, roasted, baked, or boiled; and I am certain that it would be a good addition to a ragoust.
That the remaining hundred thousand may, at a year old, be offered in sale to the persons of quality and fortune, through the kingdom, so that they may be plump, and fat for a good table, and that they may be given to the poor and the needy.
A child will make two dishes at an entertainment for friends, and when the family dines alone, the fore or hind quarter will be very good boiled on the fourth day, especially in winter, and seasoned with a little pepper or salt.
Mr. Utterson the lawyer was a man of a rugged countenance that was never lighted by a smile. He was cold, scanty and embarrassed in discourse; lean, long, dusty, dreary and yet somehow lovable.
At friendly meetings, and when the wine was to his taste, something eminently human beaconed from his eye; something indeed which spoke not only in these silent symbols of the after-dinner face, but more often and loudly in the acts of his life.
He was austere with himself. He only drank gin when he was alone. He enjoyed the theatre, but had not been to a performance in twenty years.
But he had an approved tolerance for others. He sometimes wondered, almost with envy, at the high pressure of spirits involved in their misdeeds, but he was always willing to help them.
He said, "I am for the heresy of Cain." He said, "I let my brother go to the devil in his own way.
In this character, it was frequently his fortune to be the last good friend, or even the last reputable acquaintance, of dying men.
And to such as these, so long as they were in his presence, there was no change in his disposition.
No doubt the feat was easy to Mr. Utterson; for he was undemonstrative at the best, and even his good-nature seemed to have inspired his friendship.
It is the mark of a modest man to accept his friendly circle ready-made; and that was the way of the lawyer.
His friends were those of his own blood or those whom he had known the longest. His affections were like ivy, they grew with time, they had no significance.
My father's family name was Pirrip, and my Christian name is Philip. My infant tongue could say nothing more than "Piper" or "Pip".
So I changed my name to Pip and became Pip.
I give Pirrip as my father's family name, according to his tombstone, and my sister, Mrs. Joe Gargery, married the blacksmith.
As I never saw my father or my mother, and never saw any likeness of either of them, my first fancies regarding what they were like were unreasonably derived from their tombstones, for their days were long before the days of photographs.
The shape of the letters gave me an odd impression of my father. He was a square, stout, dark man, with curly black hair.
From the character and turn of the inscription, I drew a childish conclusion that my mother was freckled and sickly, and that she had tuberculosis.
To five little stone lozenges, each about a foot and a half long, which were arranged in a neat row beside their grave, and were sacred to the memory of five little brothers of mine, I am indebted for a belief that they had all been born on their backs with their hands in their trousers-pockets, and had never taken them out in this state of existence.
Ours was the marsh country, twenty miles from the sea, down by the river, as the river wound.
My first very clear and broad perception of the world seemed to have been gained on a memorable afternoon, towards evening.
At such a time I found out for certain that this bleak place overgrown with nettles was the churchyard; and that Philip Pirrip, late of this parish, and also Georgiana wife of the above, were dead and buried; and that Alexander, Bartholomew, Abraham, Tobias, and Roger, infant children of the aforesaid, were also dead and buried; and that the dark flat wilderness beyond the churchyard, intersected with dikes and mounds and gates, with scattered cattle feeding on it, was the marshes; and that the distant savage lair from which the wind was rushing was the sea; and that the small bundle of shivers growing afraid of it all and beginning to cry, was Pip.
