By this curious turn of disposition I have gained the reputation of deliberate heartlessness. I can understand this.
Guests are so rare in this house that I hardly know how to receive them and my dogs.
I found him very intelligent on the topics we talked about. Before I went home, I told him I would visit again.
I stared -- she stared too. At any rate, she kept her eyes on me in a cool, unemotional way.
Seeing a mistake, I attempted to correct it.
By the end of eleven years, however, Mrs. Price could no longer afford to be proud of herself or be angry with her husband.
A niece of ours, Sir Thomas, I may say, or at least of yours, would not have been so lucky.
You think of your sons. But do you not know that of all the things in the world, this is the least likely to happen?
I dare say there is always some tradesman's wife or family going up.
Mrs. Norris said that it was not possible for the little girl to stay with them at that time.
What was the secret of expression or form to give her glance its dynamic quality?
Round two long tables were gathered two serried crowds of people. All the people were staring at the tables.
His attention was caught by a young lady. She was standing at an angle not far from him.
But in the course of that survey her eyes met Deronda's, and instead of averting them as she would have liked, she realized that they were being arrested.
In the evening the same room was more heated, and the gas was brilliant. Women floated their trains along the gas and sat on the ottomans.
I wish my father or my mother, or both of them, had minded what they were doing when they had me. They were both bound by duty.
Believe me, good people, this is not as bad as you might think.
To my uncle Mr. Toby Shandy do I stand indebted for the preceding anecdote, to whom my father, who was an excellent natural philosopher, had oft complained of the damage to his head.
These last words, you must know, were not in the old form in which such licenses and powers were usually granted to the sisterhood.
I believe this to be a dedication to the three great essentials of matter, form and place.
As the manager of the performance looks into the fair, a deep sadness comes over him as he surveys the busy place.
A reflective man, walking through such an exhibition, will not be oppressed, I take it, by the hilarity of others.
Some people consider fairs immoral altogether. They do not go to fairs with their servants and families.
What more does the performance manager say?
In this case, Miss Pinkerton's "billet" was like this:
They had grown up together from childhood, but Margaret had never thought about it until the last few days. When she heard that Edith was going to die, she seemed to lose every sweet quality and charm that Edith had.
No one thought about it, but Margaret's tall, finely made figure, in the black silk dress which she was wearing as mourning for her father, set off the gorgeous shawls that Edith would have been buried in.
If Mrs. Shaw had known the real reason why Mrs. Hale did not go with her husband, she would have thrown dresses at her. However, it had been nearly twenty years since Mrs. Shaw had been the poor pretty Miss Beresford, and she had forgotten all about that now.
"parler du soleil et l'on en voit les rayons", and the sun shone on her face. She put down her board and shook his hand.
Here was she disturbed and unhappy, because her instinct had made anything but a refusal impossible; while he, not many minutes after he had met with a rejection of what ought to have been the deepest, holiest proposal of his life, could speak as if he did not know what he wanted.
It is not affirmed that you shall not have a taste of the exciting, perhaps towards the middle and close of the meal, but it is resolved that the first dish set upon the table shall be cold lentils and vinegar without oil, unleavened bread with bitter herbs, and no roast lamb.
Mr. Sweeting complains that the roast beef is very tough. Mr. Donne complains that the beer is flat.
For the rest, he was a conscientious, hard-headed, hard-handed, brave, stern, implacable, faithful little man. He was not kind, ungentle, prejudiced, or soft-spoken.
It was only when he considered that Moore was a sort of outcast and alien, and that he had British blood to temper the foreign gall which corroded his veins, that he brought himself to listen to them.
A Yorkshire gentleman he was, par excellence, in every point. He was about fifty-five years old, but seemed much older.
Let the reader be introduced to Lady Carbury, as she sits at her writing-table in her own room in her own house in Welbeck Street, and asks her husband what he is doing.
You can learn something about her devotion from three letters that she had written this morning with a quick hand.
She was the widow of Sir Patrick Carbury. He had been a great soldier in India, and had been made a baronet.
From all this it had come to pass that that dabbling in literature had been converted into hard work by which money if possible might be earned, partly as a passport into society.
Lady Carbury's house in Welbeck Street was not very large, but she had some money in her hands when she first took it, so she made it pretty and pleasant. When her literary friends came to see her on her Tuesday evenings, she was happy because she had some money.
By blood she was connected with big people. Some very big people indeed, people who belonged to the Upper Ten Hundred, but of these very big people she knew and saw little, and they did not care much for her.
It was a small house on the south side of the street. It was between two large mansions. The mansions seemed to crush it.
Because I am interested in the latter, my opinion may be biased.
George Vavasor did not roam about in the woods unshorn. He did not wear leathern trappings and sandals, like Robinson Crusoe.
Alice was very happy. She had been a minister with Kate to her cousin George's idle fantasies. Without Kate, she would have been a slave.
On such an afternoon, if ever, the Lord High Chancellor ought to be sitting here, with a foggy glory round his head, softly fenced in with crimson cloth and curtains, and outwardly directing his contemplation to the lantern in the roof, where he can see nothing but fog.
On such an afternoon some score of members of the High Court of Chancery bar ought to be making a pretence of equity with serious faces, running their goat-hair and horsehair warded heads against walls of words, tripping one another up on slippery precedents, groping knee-deep in technicalities.
My Lady Dedlock has returned to her house in town for a few days before she leaves for Paris. It is not clear how long she will be in Paris.
My heart was filled with so much emotion by what he said that I could not speak, even though I tried.
He did not speak to me any more until he got out of the coach. He shook hands with me and told me to be a good girl and to be careful.
It is a universal truth that a single man who has good fortune must have a wife.
However little known the feelings or views of such a man may be on his first entering a neighborhood, he is considered by the surrounding families to be the property of one of their daughters.
"My dear Mr. Bennet," said his wife, "have you heard that Netherfield Park has been opened?"
Mr. Bennet said he did not.
"But it is," she answered, "because Mrs. Long has just been here.
Mr. Bennet was one of Bingley's earliest friends. 
He had always intended to visit him, but always told his wife not to let him. She did not know about the visit until the evening.
Then it was revealed the following way. 
When he saw his daughter trimming a hat, he suddenly said, "I hope Mr. Bingley will like it, Lizzy."
"We do not know what Mr. Bingley likes," said her mother. "We have not been to see him."
Not all that Mrs. Bennet could ask about him, her five daughters helped her to get some description from her husband about Mr. Bingley.
They attacked him in various ways; with barefaced questions, ingenious suppositions, and distant surmises. However, he could not be figured out by them all.
Her report was very positive. 
Sir William was very pleased. 
He was quite young, wonderfully handsome, and very agreeable. He was going to the next meeting with a large party.
Between him and Darcy there was a friendship, although they did not like each other.
Bingley was endeared to Darcy by the ease with which he talked, the openness of his mind, and the fact that he never seemed to be unhappy. 
Because of Darcy's regard Bingley had the highest opinion of him.  
Bingley was very good, but Darcy was good.
At the same time, he was haughty and reserved. His manners were also not very friendly.
You will be glad to hear that no disaster has accompanied the beginning of such an enterprise. 
I arrived here yesterday, and my first task is to assure my dear sister that I am well and that I am doing well.
I am already far north of London, and as I walk in the streets of Petersburgh, I feel a cold northern wind blow across my cheeks.
Do you know that feeling?
This breeze, which comes from the place where I am going, gives me a taste of those cold lands.
In another moment down went Alice after it. She never thought about getting out again.
The rabbit-hole went straight on like a tunnel for a while. Then it went down very quickly. Alice had no time to stop herself before she fell into a very deep well.
Either the well was very deep, or she fell very slowly. As she fell, she had time to look around and to wonder what would happen next.
She tried to look down to see what she was in, but it was too dark. Then she saw that the sides of the well were filled with cupboards and book-shelves. There were also pictures and maps on the walls.
She took down a jar from one of the shelves as she passed. The jar had the label "ORANGE MARMALADE", but it was empty. She did not want to drop the jar because she would kill someone if she dropped it.
The practical thing was to find rooms in the city, but it was a warm season, and I had just left a country of wide lawns and friendly trees. A young man at the office suggested that we move into the same house in the city.
He found the house, a weather-beaten cardboard bungalow, but at the last minute he was sent to Washington, D.C..
I had a dog, or at least I had him for a few days until he ran away. I had an old Dodge and a Finnish woman who made my bed and cooked my breakfast.
It was lonely for a day or so until one morning I was stopped on the road by a man.
"How do you get to West Egg?" he asked desperately.
Sherlock Holmes loves women. 
He rarely mentioned her by any other name. 
In his eyes, she dominates her entire sex. 
However, he did not feel love for Irene Adler.
All emotions, and that one particularly, were not acceptable to him.
The studio was filled with the smell of roses. When the light summer wind blew through the garden, the scent of roses would come through the open door.
From the corner of the divan of Persian saddle-bags on which he was lying, smoking, as was his custom, innumerable cigarettes, Lord Henry Wotton could just catch the gleam of the honey-sweet and honey-coloured blossoms of a laburnum, whose tremulous branches seemed hardly able to bear the burden of a beauty so flamelike as theirs; and now and then the fantastic shadows of birds in flight flitted across the long tussore-silk curtains that were stretched in front of the huge window, producing a kind of momentary Japanese effect, which made Lord Henry Wotton think of the Japanese artists he had read about in the books.
The sullen murmur of the bees shouldering their way through the long unmown grass seemed to make the stillness more oppressive. The woodbine's horns were dusty gilt horns.
The dim roar of London was like a distant organ.
In the centre of the room, clamped to an upright easel, stood the full-length portrait of a young man of extraordinary personal beauty, and in front of it, some little distance away, was sitting the artist himself, Basil Hallward.
One morning, Gregor Samsa woke up from a bad dream and he turned into a horrible monster.
He lay on his armour-like back. If he lifted his head a little, he could see his brown belly, which was slightly round.
The bedding could hardly cover it. It seemed to slide off at any moment.
His many legs were very thin. They waved about helplessly as he looked.
"What is going on?" he thought.
On an exceptionally hot evening early in July a young man came out of the house where he lived. He walked slowly towards the K. bridge.
His landlady did not meet him on the staircase.
His garret was under the roof of the house. It looked more like a cupboard than a room.
The landlady who provided him with garret, dinners, and attendance, lived on the floor below. Every time he went out, he had to go through her kitchen.
Every time he passed, the young man felt sick and frightened. He felt ashamed.
He was very in debt to his landlady. He was afraid to meet her.
This was not because he was cowardly and abject, quite the contrary. For some time he had been irritable, almost to the point of hypochondria.
He became so absorbed in himself that he did not want to meet anyone, not only his landlady, but anyone at all.
He was crushed by poverty. However, his position no longer weighed upon him.
However, when he went out into the street, he realized his fears.
Buck Mulligan came down the stairs with a bowl of lather. He held a mirror and a razor.
A yellow dressinggown, ungirdled, fell behind him as he walked.
He held the bowl in his hands and said:
He stopped and looked down the dark winding stairs.
Come up, Kinch, come up, come up!
He then went forward and mounted the gun.
He faced about and blessed the tower, the surrounding land, and the mountains.
Then, when he saw Stephen Dedalus, he bent down to him and did quick crosses in the air.
Stephen Dedalus, displeased and sleepy, leaned his arms on the top of the staircase and looked coldly at the animal that had given him life. The animal's face was shaking.
Buck Mulligan peeked through the mirror and covered the bowl.
It is a melancholy object to those who walk through this great town, or travel in the country, when they see the streets, the roads, and cabbin-doors crowded with beggars of the female sex, all dressed in the same rags.
These mothers, instead of being able to work for their honest livelihood, are forced to employ all their time in strolling to beg sustenance for their helpless infants who, as they grow up, either sell themselves to the Barbadoes or fight for the Pretender in Spain.
But my intention is not to provide only for the children of beggars; it is to take in all infants at a certain age, whose parents have as little means to support them as the beggars who demand our charity in the streets.
For my part, having turned my thoughts for many years upon this important subject, I have always found them grossly mistaken in their calculations.
I also subtract fifty thousand for women who miscarry, or for children who die of disease or accident.
A hundred and twenty thousand poor children are born every year.
Therefore, I humbly propose my own thoughts, which I hope will not be rejected.
I have been assured by a very knowing American of my acquaintance in London, that a young healthy child well nursed, is, at a year old, a most delicious nourishing and wholesome food, and I would not hesitate to recommend it to my children.
That the remaining hundred thousand may, at a year old, be offered in sale to the persons of quality and fortune, through the kingdom, so that they may be fat and plump for a good table.
A child will make two dishes at an entertainment for friends, and when the family dines alone, the fore or hind quarter will be very good, especially in winter, and will be boiled on the fourth day.
Mr. Utterson the lawyer was a man of a rugged look that was never lighted by a smile. He was cold, scanty and embarrassed in discourse and backward in sentiment.
At friendly meetings, and when the wine was to his taste, something eminently human shone from his eye; something indeed which never found its way into his talk, but which was always there in his actions.
He drank gin when he was alone. He enjoyed the theatre, but he had not been to a performance in twenty years.
But he had an approved tolerance for others. He sometimes wondered, almost with envy, at the high pressure of spirits involved in their evil deeds.
He said, "I am for Cain's heresy." He said, "I let my brother go to the devil."
In this character, it was frequently his fortune to be the last good friend or acquaintance of dying men.
And to such as these, so long as they came about his chambers, he did not change his attitude.
No doubt the feat was easy to Mr. Utterson; for he was undemonstrative at the best, and seemed to have a good-hearted nature.
It is the mark of a modest man to accept his friendly circle from the hands of the opportunity.
His friends were those of his own blood or those whom he had known the longest. His affections were like ivy, they grew with time.
My father's family name was Pirrip, and my Christian name is Philip. My infant tongue said nothing more than "Pip".
So I started calling myself Pip.
I give Pirrip as my father's family name, according to his tombstone and my sister's marriage to the blacksmith.
As I never saw my father or my mother, and never saw any likeness of either of them (for their days were long before the days of photographs), I had no idea what they looked like.
The shape of his letters gave me an odd idea. He seemed like a square, dark man, with curly black hair.
From the character and turn of the inscription, "Also Georgiana Wife of the Above", I thought my mother was sick and freckled.
To five little stone lozenges, each about a foot and a half long, which were arranged in a neat row beside their grave, and were sacred to the memory of five little brothers of mine, I am indebted for a belief that they had all been born on their backs with their hands in their pockets, and had never taken them out in this state of existence.
It was the marsh country down by the river. It was twenty miles to the sea.
My first very clear and clear idea of what things are seems to have been gained on a memorable raw afternoon.
At such a time I found out for certain that this bleak place overgrown with nettles was the churchyard; and that the dark flat wilderness beyond the churchyard, intersected with dikes and mounds and gates, with scattered cattle feeding on it, was the marshes; and that the distant savage lair from which the wind was rushing was the sea; and that the small bundle of shivers growing afraid of it all and beginning to cry, was Pip.
