This curious peculiarity has given me the reputation of deliberate heartlessness. How well deserved.
Guests are so rare in this house that I hardly know how to receive them and my dogs.
I found him very intelligent on all the issues we discussed, and before going home I offered him another visit.
I stared - and she stared - but she kept her eyes on me in a cool, indifferent manner.
Seeing a mistake, I attempted to correct it.
By the end of eleven years, Mrs. Price could no longer afford pride or resentment, nor could she afford to lose one connection.
A niece of our, Sir Thomas, or of yours, would not have grown up without many advantages.
You think of your sons, but do you not know that the most likely result would be that they were raised together like brothers?
I dare say some tradesman's wife or daughter always goes up.
Mrs. Norris explained that for the little girl it was quite out of the question to stay with them.
What was the secret expression or form that gave her look dynamic?
Round two long tables were gathered together, human beings, except one, who had his face fixed on the tables.
His attention was caught by a young woman who was standing nearby; she was the last to which his eyes went.
But while surveying, her eyes met Deronda's, and instead of turning away, as she wanted to, she realized that they had been arrested.
In the evening the same room was warmly heated, bright with gas and women sat on the ottomans in costumes or floated their trains.
I wish my father or mother, or even both of them, had been aware of what they were doing when I was born.
Believe me, folks, this is not as insignificant as you might think.
My uncle Toby Shandy to whom I owe the above anecdote, my father was a very good natural philosopher, and very close to the smallest things, had often suffered injury.
These words, you must know, were not the old form by which such licenses, faculties, and powers were ordinarily granted to the Order.
This commitment, despite its uniqueness, respects the three essentials of matter, form and place.
As the Performance Manager looks into the Fair and sits before the curtain on the boards, a deep melancholy comes over him.
A person who reflects, when facing such an exhibition, will not be oppressed, I think, by his own or others' humor.
Some people consider fairs immoral, and avoid them, with their families and servants.
What did the performance manager say?
The "billet" by Miss Pinkerton was the following:
They had grown up together from childhood, and everyone except Margaret had remarked on her beauty. But Margaret had never considered it, until the last few days, when the prospect of losing her companion gave rise to all the sweetest feelings.
No one had thought of that, but Margaret's tall, finely made figure in black silk, mourning her father's distant relative, set off the long, beautiful folds of her shawl, which would have covered Edith.
If Mrs. Shaw had guessed why Mrs. Hale did not go along with her husband, she would have washed her down gowns; but it was nearly twenty years since Mrs. Shaw had been the poor pretty Miss Beresford, and all her grievances about married life were forgotten.
It was "parler du soleil et l'on en voit les rayons." As Margaret put down her board the sun came over her face and she shook hands with him.
Here she was upset and disappointed, because her instinct had made a refusal impossible. While he, not many minutes after his rejection of the deepest, most profound proposal of his life, spoke as if success, and all its external rewards, a good home, a smart, pleasant society, were all he desired.
It is not agreed that you should not have a taste for it at the close or middle of the meal, but the first dish set on the table should be one that a Catholic might eat on Good Friday, during Passion Week, cold lentils and vinegar with no oil.
Mr. Sweeting is slicing a beef slice and complaining about the tough meat; Mr. Donne says the beer is flat.
For the rest, he was a brave, hard-headed, hard-handed, implacable, faithful little man; a man true to principle, honourable, sincere, and almost without sympathy.
It was only because Moore was an alien and an outcast, and had only a little British blood to counter the foreign gall that corroded his veins, that he listened to them, and did not cane the speaker.
A Yorkshire gentleman, in every respect. He was about fifty-five years old, and at first seemed older.
Introduce the reader to Lady Carbury, upon whose character and doings much will depend, as she sits at her writing table in Welbeck Street, in her own room.
You can learn something of her devotion by three letters she had written this morning with a quick hand.
She was the widow of Sir Patrick Carbury, who as a soldier had done great things in India, and had been made baronet.
It turned out that from all this dabbling in literature, which had begun partly as a passport into society and partly out of a sense of pleasure in work, had turned into hard work to be earned if possible.
Lady Carbury's house in Welbeck Street was a modest house enough. She made no pretensions to be a mansion, and did not even assume to be a residence, but had some money in her hands when she first took it. She was proud when her literary friends came to see her on Tuesday evenings.
By blood she was related to the great people, the so-called Upper Ten hundred people, if such a division exists, but of these she knew and saw but little, and they cared not so much for her.
On the south side of the street was a small house between two large mansions that seemed to crush it, and in reality limited its doorstep and area.
However, since I am the latter's party, my opinion may have an bias.
George Vavasor certainly did not wander the woods unshorn, or wear sandals and leathern trappings, like Robinson Crusoe, instead of trousers and coat.
Alice was very pleased, perhaps more happy that she had been Kate's assistant to her cousin George's idle dreams than she would have been his slave.
On such an afternoon, if ever, the Lord High Chancellor ought to be sitting here, with a foggy glory round his head, addressed by a great advocate with great whiskers, a little voice, and an interminable short, looking through the heavy curtains towards the roof light.
On such an afternoon as this, members of the High Court of Chancery bar ought to be, as players might, caught up in one of the ten thousand stages of an endless cause, groping knee-deep in technicalities, running their heads against the wall of words.
My Lady Dedlock has returned to town for a few days before going to Paris. Her ladyship plans to stay some weeks, after which her actions are unclear.
My heart was so filled with emotion from what he said and how he said it, that I could not speak.
He did not speak to me again until he reached Reading a little while ago, when he told me to be a good girl and shake hands with me.
It is a universal truth that a man who has good fortune is in need of a wife.
However little known may be the feelings or views of such a man, the surrounding families fix this truth so well in their minds, that they consider it their daughter's property.
"My dear Mr. Bennet," said his wife, "have you heard they have let Netherfield Park?"
Bennet answered that it was not.
"Indeed," said she, "for Mrs. Long was just here, and she told me about it."
Mr. Bennet was waiting on Mr. Bingley at the time.
He had always meant to visit him, but always assured his wife that he would not. She had no knowledge of this until the evening after the visit.
Then it was disclosed as follows. 
Seeing his second daughter trimming a hat, he said, "I hope that Lizzy will like Mr. Bingley.
"We don't know what Bingley likes," said her mother resentfully, "because we don't go.
Not all that Mrs. Bennet could ask her five daughters, however, was enough to draw out from her husband a good description of Mr. Bingley.
They tried many ways to get at him, with bare questions, ingenious suppositions, and vague theories, but he was immune to all of them. Finally, they turned to Lady Lucas's neighbour's intelligence.
His report was positive.
Sir William was very pleased.
He was quite young, handsome, very pleasant, and to crown the whole he intended to go to the next meeting.
Between him and Darcy, there was a strong friendship, despite personal opposition.
Bingley endeared himself to Darcy by the simplicity, openness and ductility of his temperament, and no disposition could offer a greater contrast than his own.
Bingley had the closest regard for Darcy, and of his judgment the highest opinion.
Bingley was poor, but Darcy was intelligent.
However, he was also reserved and kind, and his manners were not inviting.
You will be glad to hear that no catastrophe has occurred with such an enterprise as you so foresaw.
I arrived here yesterday and my first task is to secure my sister's welfare and increase her confidence in me.
I am already far north of London, and walking in Petersburgh I feel a cold wind in my cheeks. It relaxes my nerves and give me pleasure.
You know that feeling?
This wind, coming from the country where I am heading, gives me a taste of those cold lands.
Then another moment Alice went down after it, never considering how to return again.
The rabbit hole followed like a tunnel for a while, and then suddenly fell very deep. Alice had no time to stop before falling, and found herself in a deep well.
The well was either very deep or very slow, so that as she went down she had time to look around and wonder what would happen.
First she tried to look down, but it was too dark to see anything. Then she saw that the well sides were filled with cabinets and book-shelves. Maps and pictures were hung on the sides.
She pulled out a jar from one of the shelves as she passed. It was labeled orange marmalade. To her great disappointment, it was empty. She did not want to drop it if it killed someone below, so she put it into the cabinet.
The practical thing was to find a city room, but it was warm season, and I had just left a wide lawn and friendly trees country, so it sounded like a great idea when a young man at work suggested we take a house together.
He found a cheap cardboard bungalow for eighty per month, but the firm finally sent him to Washington, and I went out on my own.
I had a dog, but only for a few days, and an old Dodge, and a Finnish woman who made my bed and over the electric stove murmured Finnish wisdom.
It was lonely for a day or so until a man stopped me on the road one morning.
"How do you get to West Egg?" he questioned.
Sherlock Holmes is always female.
I rarely heard him call her by any other name.
In his eyes, she is completely eclipsed.
He never felt any passion for Irene Adler.
All emotions, especially this one, repulsed his cold, but well balanced mind.
The studio was filled with the rich smell of roses, and when the summer wind blew, the heavy scent of lilac came through the open door, or the soft perfume of pink thorn.
From the corner of the Persian rug on which he was lying, smoking a cigarette as was his custom, Lord Henry Wotton could just see the honey-sweet and honey-coloured flowers of a laburnum. Its branches seemed to bear the burden of a beauty so fragile. He thought of the painters of Tokyo, who work with immobile art.
The sullen murmur of the bees round the dusty gilt horns of the straggling woodbine or shouldering their way through the long unmown grass seemed to make the stillness more oppressive.
The London roar sounded like a distant organ.
In the centre of the room, attached to a tall easel, stood a full-length portrait of a young man of extraordinary personal beauty. In front of him sat the artist himself, Basil Hallward, whom some years ago caused a great deal of public interest.
When Gregor Samsa woke up from a dream, he found himself turned into a horrible monster.
He was lying on his back and could see his brown belly if he raised his head a little. It was slightly domed and divided into sections.
The bedding could hardly cover it and it seemed to move constantly.
His many thin legs, smaller than his body size, waved helplessly as he looked.
"What is going on?" he thought.
On an extremely hot evening in July a young man came out of S. Place and walked towards K. bridge slowly as if in hesitation.
He successfully avoided the staircase meeting.
His house was on a high, five-story building and looked more like a cupboard than a home.
The landlord, who provided him with lodging, meals, and visits, lived on the floor below. Whenever he left, he had to pass her kitchen, always open.
And every time he passed by, he felt sick and frightened, and felt ashamed.
He was deeply in debt and was afraid to tell her.
This was not because he was cowardly or put-off; but he had been in an irritable, overstrained condition, almost hypochondria.
He was so engrossed in himself and isolated from friends that he dreaded to meet not only his landlord, but anyone.
Poverty crushed him, but his financial concerns had now ceased to weigh on him.
However, when he reached out into the street he realized his fears.
Plump Buck Mulligan stepped out from the stairhead, carrying a bowl and a razor.
An ungirdled yellow dressing gown stood gently behind him.
Then he raised the bowl and said: Introibo ad altare Dei.
He stopped, stared down the stairs, and coarsely called out:
Come up, Kinch. Come up, frightened suit.
Then he brought out the round gunrest.
Then he turned around and blessed the tower, the surrounding land, and the hills.
Then he saw Stephen Dedalus, and he moved toward him quickly in the air, choking and shaking his head.
Stephen Dedalus, sleepy and displeased, stood at the top of the stairs and looked at the horse's head God had blessed him with, long and smooth of hair, dark like pale oak.
Buck Mulligan quickly peeped under the mirror and carefully covered the bowl.
It is a melancholy object to those who walk through this great town, or travel in the country, when they see the streets, and the cabbins, crowded with female beggars, who bring in every passenger with three, four, or six children.
These mothers, instead of working their honest livelihood, are forced to spend all their time walking around begging for sustenance for their helpless infants. As they grow up, they may become thieves or leave their country to fight for the king of Spain.
But my intention is far from being limited to providing only for the children of so-called beggars. I would rather take in the entire number of infants, at a certain age, born to parents as little able to support them as the so-called beggars.
As for myself, having studied this subject for many years and weigh our various projects carefully, I have always found them grossly mistaken.
Then I subtract fifty thousand women who miscarry or whose children die within the year.
Only a hundred and twenty thousand children are born annually.
So I humbly propose my own views, which I hope will not come under any objection.
I have been assured by a well-known American in London that a healthy child, well nursed, at a year old, is a most delicious and wholesome food, boiled, stewed or roasted, and can be served both ways.
At a year old the remaining hundred thousand may be sold through the kingdom to good men and women, always advising the mother to let them suck in the last month to make them fat and fat for a good table.
A child will make two dishes at an entertainment for friends. A reasonable dish can be made by the fore or hind quarter on the fourth day, seasoned with a little salt and pepper, especially in winter.
Mr. Utterson was a man of a rugged countenance, never smiled; cold, scanty, and ashamed of himself; lean, long, dusty, and backward in sentiment.
When the wine was to his taste, at friendly meetings, something very human appeared in his eye. It never entered his talk, but spoke not only in these silent face symbols after dinner, but more often in his everyday life.
He was reserved. When he was alone, he drank gin to get a taste for wine, and enjoyed theatre, but had not been to one for twenty years.
But he had an approved tolerance for others, sometimes wondering, almost with envy, at the spirits who engaged in violence.
He used to say quaintly, "I let my brother go to the devil in his own way.
It was often his fortune to be the last good acquaintance and good influence in the lives of departing men.
And when these things happened in his chambers, he never showed a change in attitude.
It was easy for Mr. Utterson to feat, for he was at best unassertive, and even his friendship seemed to be based on good nature.
A modest man accepts his opportunities ready-made circle, and this was the lawyer's way.
His friends were those he had known the longest, and like ivy, his affections were the growth of time, without effect.
My father's family name was Pirrip, and my Christian name Philip, and both names were nothing more or less than Pip.
I called myself Pip and everyone called me.
I give the name Pirrip as my father's, by my sister and tombstone, Mrs. Joe Gargery, who married a blacksmith.
As I have never seen my father or mother, or seen any resemblance between them, and long before photographs, my first thoughts about them derive from their tombstones unreasonably.
The shape of his letters gave me an odd idea that he was a dark, square man with black hair.
From the inscription "Also Georgiana Wife of the Above," I drew a conclusion that my mother was sick and freckled.
I am indebted to five little stone beads, each about a foot and a half long, which were placed in a neat row beside their grave. They were sacred to the memory of five little brothers of mine who, extremely early in life, gave up trying to earn a living.
Ours was the marsh country by the river, twenty miles along the sea.
My first broad and vivid impression of things identity was gained on a memorable raw afternoon recently.
At such time I found out for certain that this bleak place, overgrown with nettles, was the churchyard, and that the river, from which the wind was rushing, was called the sea; and that Alexander, Bartholomew, Abraham, and Roger, the infant children of the above mentioned, were also dead and buried.
