By this turn , disposition I have gained the reputation of deliberate heartlessness and I alone .
Guests are so rare in this house that I and my dogs , I am willing to own , hardly know how to receive them .
After I went home , I was encouraged so far as to volunteer another visit to-morrow so far .
I stared ordershe stared also : at any rate , she kept her eyes on me in a cool manner . She also kept her eyes on me .
He tried to correct Perceiving myself in a blunder .
In the end of eleven years , Mrs. Price could no longer have afford to cherish pride or resentment , to lose one connexion .
A niece of ours , Sir Thomas , I may say , or at least of yours , would not grow up in this area .
If you are thinking of your sons , do not you know that , of all things upon earth , brought up as they would be , always together like brothers and sisters ?
There is always some tradesmans wife or other going up .
After this , Norris said that the little girl's staying with them , at least as things then were out of the question .
Because of this , she gave the dynamic quality to her glance ?
Round two long tables were gathered two serried crowds of human beings . All save one had their faces on the tables .
His attention was arrested by a young lady who , standing at an angle not far from him .
But in the course of that survey of her eyes met Deronda's , and instead of averting them as she would have desired to do .
In the evening the same room was brilliant with gas and with the costumes of ladies who floated their trains along the ottomans .
I wish either my father or my mother , or when they were in duty both equally bound to it , had minded what they were about .
Believe me , good folks , are not so good because many of you may think it .
Toby Shandy do I stand for the preceding anecdote , to whom my father was an excellent natural philosopher , and much given to close reasoning upon the smallest matters , had oft , and heavily complained of the injury .
However , these last words , you must know , were not according to the old form in which such licences , faculties , and powers usually ran .
Because of this , notwithstanding its singularity in the three great essentials of matter , form and place .
As the manager of the Performance sits before the curtain on the boards and looks into the Fair , a feeling of profound melancholy comes .
A man with a reflective turn of mind , walking through an exhibition of this sort , will not be oppressed .
Some people consider fairs immoral altogether , such as their servants and families as very likely they are right .
He is the manager of the performance to say ?
In the present example , Miss Pinkerton 's movement was to the following effect :
They had grown up together from childhood , and all along Edith had been remarked upon by every one , except Margaret , for her prettiness . However , Margaret had never thought about it until the last few days of soon losing her companion seemed to give force to every sweet quality .
In the black silk dress which she was wearing as mourning for some distant relative of her father 's , set off the long beautiful folds of the gorgeous shawls that would have half-smothered Edith .
If Mrs. Shaw had guessed at the real reason why Mrs Hale did not accompany her husband , she would have showered down gowns when Mrs. Shaw had been the poor pretty Miss Beresford , and she had really forgotten all grievances except that of the unhappiness arising from disparity of age in life .
It was a parler du soleil et l'on en voit les rayons , and the brightness of the sun came over Margaret 's face as she put down her board .
After he had met with a rejection of what ought to have been the deepest , holiest proposal of his life , could speak as if briefs , success , and all its superficial consequences of a good house , clever and agreeable society , were the solevowed objects of his desires .
However , the first dish set upon the table shall not have a taste of the exciting , perhaps towards the middle and close of the meal , but it is resolved that the first dish set upon the table shall be one that a Catholic uncertainay , even an unleavened bread with bitter herbs , and no lamb .
Mr. Mr. Donne is mincing the slice of roast beef on his plate and complains that it is very tough .
For the rest , he was a conscientious , hard-headed , hard-handed , brave , stern , implacable , faithful little man ; a man almost without sympathy , ungentle , ungentle , and rigid .
He was only on the consideration of Moore being a sort of outcast and alien . However , half measure of British blood to temper the foreign gall which corroded his veins .
About fifty-five years old , but looking at first sight still older , for his hair was silver white .
Let the reader be introduced to Lady Carbury , upon whose character and doing much will depend on the pages , as she sits in her own room in her own house in Welbeck Street .
Something of the nature of her devotion may be learned by what she had written with a quickly running hand .
She was the widow of one Sir Patrick Carbury , who had done great things as a soldier in the Republic of India .
From all this it had come to pass that that dabbling in literature . This was partly known as a passport into society , had been converted into hard work by which money if possible might be earned .
Lady Carbury 's house in Welbeck Street was a modest house enough . She had some money in her hands when she first took it , she had made it pretty and pleasant , and was still proud to feel that because of the hardness of her position she had comfortable belongings when her literary friends came to see her Tuesday evenings .
Because she was connected with big people , the people indeed people who belonged to the Upper Ten Hundred . But of these very big relations she had known and seen little , and they had cared as little for her .
It was a small house on the south side of the street . It was squeezed in between two large mansions which seemed to crush it .
But as I am a party interested in the latter my opinion may have an undue bias .
George Vavasor did not roam about in the woods unshorn , or wear leathern trappings and sandals , instead of coats and trousers .
He had been very happy , because she had been a joint minister with Kate to her cousin George's idle fantasies , than she would have been hurrying about .
On such an afternoon , if ever , the Lord High Chancellor ought to be sitting here he is his head . He is softly fenced in with crimson cloth and curtains , addressed by a large advocate with great whiskers , a little voice , and an interminable brief , and outwardly directing his contemplation .
In one of the ten thousand stages of an endless cause , tripping one another up on slippery precedents , groping knee-deep in technicalities , running their goat-hair and horsehair warded heads against walls of words and making a pretence of serious faces as might .
My Lady Dedlock has returned to her house in town for a few days . The ladyship went to stay some weeks , after which her movements are uncertain .
My heart was filled so full , both by what he said and that I was not able to speak , though I tried .
He did not speak to me any more until he got out of the coach a little way short of Reading . He asked me to be a good girl and to be studious .
In this case , a single man in possession of a good fortune must be in want of a wife .
However little known the feelings or views of such a man may be on his first entering a neighborhood . This truth is so well fixed in the minds of the surrounding families .
He said his lady to him one day . He said that Netherfield Park is let at last ? ''
Bennet said that he had not not .
He returned she had just been here , and she told me all about it 's land .
Bennet was among the earliest people who waited on Mr. Bingley .
He had always wanted to visit him . However , to the last always assuring his wife that he should not go ; and till the evening after the visit was paid .
In the following manner , it was disclosed .
Observing his second daughter employed in trimming a hat , he said that he would be called Lizzy .
Bingley 's mother wants to know what Mr. Bingley said that she is not to visit the country since we are not .
Not all that Mrs Bennet , but the assistance of her five daughters , could ask her to draw from her husband any satisfactory description of Mr. Bingley .
They attacked him in various ways ; with barefaced questions , and distant surmises ; but he eluded the skill of them all ; and they were at last obliged to accept the second-hand intelligence of their neighbour , Lady Lucas .
Her report was very good .
Sir William had been delighted with him .
He was quite young , he wonderfully handsome , extremely agreeable , and to crown the whole .
Between him and Darcy there was a very steady friendship because of the great opposition of character .
Bingley was endeared to Darcy by the easiness , openness , and ductility of his temper . However , no disposition could offer a greater contrast to his own .
On the strength of Darcys , he had the firmest reliance , and of his judgment .
Bingley was not used , but Darcy was clever .
He was at the same time haughty , and fastidious , but well bred , were not inviting .
No disaster has accompanied the startement of an enterprise which you have regarded with such evil forebodings .
I arrived there , and my first task is to be my dear sister of my welfare in the success of my undertaking .
In the streets of Petersburgh , I feel a cold northern breeze play upon my cheeks , which braces my nerves and fills me with delight .
Do you understand this feeling ?
This breeze , which has travelled from the regions , gives me a foretaste of those climes .
In another moment down went Alice after it , she never said how in the world she was to get back again .
The rabbit-hole went straight on like a tunnel so that Alice had not a moment to think about stopping herself before she found herself falling down a very deep well .
Either the well was very deep , or she fell very slowly . She went down to look about her and was going to happen next .
She tried to look down and make out what she came to , but it was too dark to see anything ; then she looked at the sides of the well , and noticed that they were filled with cupboards and book-shelves .
She took down a jar from one of the shelves as she passed . However , she did not like to drop the jar for fear of killing somebody underneath , so was able to put it into one of the cupboards as she fell past it .
I had just left a country of wide lawns and friendly trees , so when a young man at the office suggested that we take a house together in a commuting town , it sounded like a great idea .
He found the house , a weather-beaten cardboard bungalow at eighty a month . At the last minute , he went out to the country alone .
He had a dog gangat least I had him for a few days until he ran away . The Finnish woman made my bed and cooked breakfast and muttered Finnish wisdom to herself .
It was lonely for a day until one morning some people arrived than I , stopped me on the road .
He get to West Egg village ? He asked him to help them .
Sherlock Holmes is always a woman .
He heard him mention her under any other name .
In his eyes she eclipses and looks like her sex .
He did not felt any emotion akin to love for Irene Adler .
All emotions , and that one particularly , were made to his cold , exact balanced mind .
The studio was filled with the rich odour of roses . When the light summer wind stirred amidst the trees of the garden , there came through the open door of the heavy scent of the lilac .
In the corner of the divan of Persian saddle-bags , Lord Henry Wotton could just catch the gleam of the honey-sweet and honey-coloured blossoms of a laburnum , whose tremulous branches seemed hardly able to bear the burden of a beauty so their flame as well , and then curtas of the fantas .
The sullen murmurmur of the bees shoulder their way through the long unmown grass , or circling with round the dusty gilt horns of the straggling woodbine .
It was like the bourdon note of a distant organ .
In the centre of the room , clamped to an upright easel , stood the full-length portrait of a young man of extraordinary personal beauty . In front of it , some little distance away was sitting the artist himself , Basil Hallward , whose sudden disappearance some years ago caused .
One morning , when Gregor Samsa woke from troubled dreams , he found himself a horrible vermin .
He lay on his armour-like back . However , if he lifted his head a little he could see his brown belly .
The bedding was hardly able to cover it and could slide off any moment .
His many legs , pitifully , compared with the size of the rest of him .
What happened to me ? He thought was about .
On an exceptionally hot evening early in July a young man came out of the garret in which he went slowly in S . Place and walked slowly .
He did not meet his landlady on the staircase .
His garret was under the roof of a high house and was more like a cupboard than a room .
The landlady who provided him with garret , dinners , and attendance , lived on the floor below . Every time he went out he was obliged to pass her kitchen .
The young man had a sick , frightened feeling , which made him feeling and feel ashamed .
He was hopeless in debt because he was afraid of meeting her .
This was not because he was cowardly and abject . For some time , he had been in an overstrained condition , so verging on hypochondria .
He had become so completely absorbed in himself , and found out that he dreaded meeting , not only his landlady .
He was crushed by poverty , but the anxieties of his position were stopped .
This evening , however , on coming out into the street , he became aware of his fears .
For this reason , plump Mulligan came from the stairhead , with a bowl of lather on which a lay crossed .
He was a yellow dressinggown , ungirdled , and had a gently behind him .
He held the bowl aloft and held the altar of Introibo .
He made up the dark winding stairs and called out coarsely :
Come up , Kinch ! '' , you fearful jesuit !
He came forward and mounted the round gunrest .
He faced about the gravely thrice the tower , the surrounding land and the mountains .
Then , he bent towards him . He made rapid crosses in the air , gurgling in his throat and shaking his head .
He looked coldly at the shaking gurgling face that blessed him , equine in its length , and at the light untonsured hair , grained and hued like pale oak .
He then covered the mirror and then covered the bowl smartly .
It is a melancholy object to those , who walk through this great town , or travel in the country . Because of this , they see the streets , the roads , and cabbin-doors crowded with beggars of the female sex .
They are forced to employ all their time in strolling to beg sustenance for their helpless infants who , as they grow up , either turn thieves for want of work , or leave their native country to Spain , or sell themselves to the Barbadoes .
But my intention is very far from being confined to provide only for the children of professed beggars : it is of a much greater extent , and shall take in the whole number of infants at a certain age .
As to my own part , having turned my thoughts for many years upon this important subject , and maturely weighed the several schemes of our projectors .
Because of this , there is fifty thousand women who have miscarry , or whose children die by accident .
There only remain a hundred and twenty thousand children of poor parents .
Because of this , I hope will not be liable to the least objection .
A young healthy child well nursed , is at a year old , a most delicious nourishing and wholesome food , whether stewed , roasted , baked , or boiled ; and I make no doubt that it will equally serve in a fricasee , or a ragoust .
That the remaining hundred thousand may , at a year old , be offered in sale to the persons of quality and fortune , through the kingdom , always advising the mother to let them suck plentifully in the last month .
A child will make two dishes at an entertainment for friends . When the family dines alone , the fore or hind quarter will make a reasonable dish , and seasoned with a little pepper or salt .
Mr. Mr. Mr. Utterson the lawyer was a man of a rugged countenance that was never lighted by a smile ; cold , scanty and embarrassed in discourse ; backward in sentiment .
At friendly meetings , and when the wine was to his taste , the human beaconed from his eye ; something indeed which never found its way into his talk , but he spoke not only in these silent symbols of the after-dinner face .
He was austere with himself , and drank gin when he was alone . He had not crossed the doors of one for twenty years .
But he had an approved tolerance for others ; sometimes wondering , at the high pressure of spirits involved in their misdeeds .
He used to say quaintly : he let my brother go to the devil in his own way , giving him a devil .
In this character , it was often called his fortune . The last good influence in the lives of downgoing men .
Because he came about his chambers , he never marked a shade of change in his demeanour .
For he was undemonstrative at the best , and even his friendship seemed to be founded in a similar catholicity of good-nature .
It is the mark of a modest man to accept his friendly circle ready-made from the hands of opportunity .
His friends were those of his own blood or those who he had known the longest . His friends thought were the growth of time .
My father is known for being Pirrip , and my Christian name Philip could make of both names nothing longer or more explicit than Pip .
So , I called the myself Pip , was called Pip .
I give Pirrip as my father 's family name , but Joe Gargery married the blacksmith , who is also an actor .
Because I never saw my father or my mother , and never saw any likeness of either of them , my first fancies regarding what they were unreasonably derived from their tombstones .
He gave me an odd idea that he was a square , stout , dark man , with curly black hair .
From the character and turn of the inscription , the Georgiana Wife of the Above , had a childish conclusion that my mother was sickly .
To five little stone lozenges , each about a foot and a half long , which were arranged in a neat row beside their grave beside their grave , and were sacred to the memory of five little brothers of mine , gangwho gave up trying to get a living , exceedingly early in their hands .
In the past , Ours was the marsh country , down by the river , as the river wound .
The identity of things seems to me to me to have been gained on a raw afternoon towards evening .
At such a time I found out for certain that this bleak place overgrown with nettles was the churchyard ; and that Philip Pirrip , late of this parish , and also Georgiana wife of the above , were dead and buried ; and that Alexander , Bartholomew , Abraham , Tobias , and Roger , infant children of the aforesaid , were also dead and buried , and buried ; and that was the flat wilderness beyond the churchyard .
