With this strange change of heart, I have gained the reputation of intentional heartlessness. How well deserved.
Guests in this house are so rare that I and my dogs, which I want, do not even know how to receive them.
I found him very intelligent on the topics we touched; and I volunteer another visit to-day even before I went home.
I stared--she stared too. At any rate, she kept her eyes on me in a very cool way, and it was uncomfortable and unpleasant.
Seeing that I had made a mistake I tried to correct it.
By the end of eleven years, however, Mrs. Price could no longer afford to lose one connection, or pride or resentment, that might help her.
A relative of ours, Sir Thomas, I might say, or you at least, did not grow up without many advantages in this place.
You think of your children; but do you not know that, of all the things that may happen, in so far as they are together, as brothers and sisters, will never come to pass?
I dare say there is always some other or some reputable tradesman's wife.
Mrs. Norris was sorry to say that, at least as things were then, the little girl could not stay with them.
What was the secret of expression or form that gave her look such a dynamic quality?
Two long tables were round about and human beings were sitting on them. Except for one who had his face fixed on the tables.
A young woman who was standing not far from him, standing at an angle, was the last to whom his eyes traveled.
But during this process her eyes met Deronda's, and instead of turning away from them, as she would have wanted, she realized that they had been arrested. How long?
In the evening the same room was warm and bright with gas, with women in colorful costumes sitting on the ottomans or floating on their trains along it.
I wish that my father or mother, or perhaps both of them, were more interested in what they were doing when they had me.
Trust me, good people, this is not so small a thing as some of you might believe.
I owe my indebtedness to my uncle Mr. Toby Shandy, for whom my father, who was a very good natural philosopher, and very serious about all things, had often suffered small injuries. He suffered greatly.
You must know that these last words were not the way such licenses, faculties and powers were usually granted in the past, and in such cases the sisterhood had been granted.
This commitment, despite its uniqueness, takes place in the three great essentials of matter, place and form.
As the performance manager sits before the boards and looks into the fair, a deep feeling of melancholy comes over him. He surveys the place in a detached manner.
A person who thinks rationally, when facing such an exhibition, will not be oppressed, I think, by his own or others' comedy.
Some people consider fairs evil altogether, and avoid them with their families and servants. They are probably right.
What else does the performance manager have to say?
The "billet" at the time was to be to the following effect:
They had grown up together from childhood, and everyone had remarked on Edith's beauty, except Margaret. But until recently, Margaret had never thought of it, but the prospect of losing her companion suddenly gave strength to every sweet quality and charm that Edith had.
No one thought about it, but Margaret's tall, finely made figure in the black silk dress, mourning for her father's distant relative, set off the gorgeous shawls that would have half-smothered Edith, in the long beautiful folds.
If Mrs. Shaw had known why Mrs. Hale did not go along with her husband, she would have thrown dresses at him; but it was nearly twenty years since Mrs. Shaw had been the poor Miss Beresford, and she had forgotten all her other grievances except that she could not stand the half-hour of being married.
It was "parler du soleil et l'on en voit les rayons." As Margaret put down her board, the sun came over her face and she went forward to shake hands with him.
Here she was upset and disappointed, because her instincts had made a refusal impossible. While he, not many minutes after having received the deepest, most heartfelt proposal of his life, spoke as if success, and all the surface effects of a good home, a smart and pleasant society, were the only things he desired.
It is not said that you will not have a taste of the latter, perhaps in the course of the middle or close of the meal, but the first meal set on the table on Good Friday is to be the only one that a Catholic may eat on Good Friday in Passion Week: cold lentils and vinegar, without oil, unleavened bread with bitter herbs.
Mr. Sweeting is complaining that the roast beef on his plate is very tough; Mr. Donne says the beer is flat.
For the rest, he was a brave, hard-handed, hard-headed, implacable, faithful little man; a man almost without sympathy; a man of principle; a man of honor and integrity; and a man of great courage.
It was only because Moore was an alien and sort of outcast, and because he had only a little British blood to counter the foreign gall that had set in his veins, that he took heed to them, and did not let himself wish to punch the speaker.
In every way, a Yorkshire gentleman. He was about fifty-five years old, and at first sight appeared to be older, for his hair was silver white.
Introduce the reader to Lady Carbury, upon whose character and doings much will depend, as she sits at her writing-table in her own house in Welbeck Street, in her own room in her own house.
You can learn something of her character by the reading of three letters, which she wrote this morning with a quick hand.
She was the widow of Sir Patrick Carbury, who as a soldier had done a great deal of good work in India, and had been made a baronet.
It turned out, however, that out of all this came the dabbling in literature, perhaps out of a sense of pleasure in work, partly as a passport into society, to be turned into hard work with which one might, if possible, earn money.
Lady Carbury's house in Welbeck Street was a modest house, hardly assuming even to be a residence; but, having some money in her hands when she first took it, she had made it pretty and pleasant. When her literary friends came to see her on Tuesday evenings, she was still proud to feel that she had comfortable belongings.
She was related by blood to great people, indeed to some very great people, perhaps to the Upper Ten hundred, if such a division existed, but she knew and saw only a little of these great people, and they did not care much for her.
On the south side of the road it was a small house in between two large mansions. They seemed to crush it, so much so that its fair proportion of doorstep and area was reduced.
However, since I am an interested party, my opinion may have a certain bias.
It will be understood that George Vavasor did not walk in the woods unshorn, or wear coats and trousers instead of leathern trappings and sandals, like Robinson Crusoe.
Alice was very pleased, perhaps more so because she had been Kate's assistant to her cousin George's idle dreams than because she would have run around with him as her servant.
The Lord High Chancellor should be sitting here on such an afternoon, if ever, with a foggy glory round his head, softly covered with crimson cloth and curtains, addressed by a great advocate with great whiskers, a little voice and an interminable short, and looking intently up at the ceiling light.
On such an afternoon, as here they are, some score of the High Court of Chancery bar ought to be caught up in one of the ten thousand stages of an endless cause, tripping one another up on slippery precedents, running their goat-hair and horsehair against walls of technicalities, and making a pretence of equity with serious faces.
My Lady Dedlock has just returned from Paris, where her ladyship intends to stay some weeks, and has returned to her house in town for a few days.
My heart was filled with so much emotion from what he said and from his way of saying it, that I could not speak.
He did not speak to me any more until he got out of the coach just before Reading. He shook hands with me and told me that I was a good girl and good to study.
It is a general fact that a person who has good fortune should always be in want of a wife.
No matter how little known such people's feelings or views may be when they first enter a neighborhood, the surrounding families hold this truth so well that it is considered the property of their own daughter or other.
"Mr. Bennet," said his wife to him one day, "Have you heard that they have let Netherfield Park?"
Mr. Bennet answered that it was not.
"Indeed it is," she said, "because Mrs. Long was just here, and she told me all about it."
Mr. Bennet was among the first to wait on Mr. Bingley, however.
He had always meant to visit him, but always made his wife promise him that he would not; and she did not know he had gone until after the visit had taken place.
Then, it was revealed the following way. 
When his second daughter was cutting a hat, he suddenly said to her, "I hope Lizzy will like this for Mr. Bingley.
"We do not know what Mr. Bingley likes," said her mother, "because we have not visited him."
Not everything that Mrs. Bennet could ask, however, with the help of her five daughters, was enough for her to get a good description of Mr. Bingley.
They tried many things to get at him. They asked simple questions. They made ingenious suppositions. But he was beyond them all. Finally they had to accept that their neighbor, Lady Lucas, had second hand intelligence.
His report was very positive. 
Sir William was very pleased with it.
He was quite young, very handsome, very pleasant, and to complete the whole he intended to come with a large party to the next meeting.
Between him and Darcy, there was a very strong friendship, despite their personal differences.
Bingley endeared himself to Darcy by the simplicity, openness and ease of his temperament, but no other character could compare to his own, and he never seemed dissatisfied with himself.
Bingley had the strongest regard for Darcy, and the highest opinion of his judgment.
Bingley was not very good, but Darcy was very good.
However, he was also arrogant, reserved, and kind; and his manners were not inviting, even though well bred.
You will be glad to know that such good results have not come from an enterprise that you viewed with such evil anticipation.
I arrived here yesterday and my first task is to take care of my sister and increase my confidence that my mission will be successful.
I am already far north of London, and walking through Petersburgh I feel a cool wind in my cheeks. It relaxes my nerves and give me a sense of accomplishment.
Do you know this feeling?
This wind, coming from the country where I am going, has given me a taste of that cold country.
At another time Alice went down after him, never having thought how she would ever get out again.
The rabbit hole followed like a tunnel for a while, and then suddenly fell quite deep. Alice had not had time to stop to see if she was going to fall right down into a deep well.
Either the well was very deep, or she was going down slowly, for she had a long way to go. She had time to look down and see what was going on.
She tried to look down to see what she was coming upon, but it was too dark to see anything. She saw that the well had sides, and on those sides were cupboards and book-shelves. Here and there, maps and pictures were hung on the wall.
As she passed one of the shelves, she took down a jar of orange marmalade. To her great disappointment, it was empty. She didn't want to drop the jar for fear of killing someone if it fell under someone, so she put it into one of the cabinets below it.
The practical thing was to find rooms in the city, but it was a warm season, and I had just left a country of wide lawns and friendly trees. It sounded like a great idea, so when a young man at the office suggested we take a house together.
He found a house, a small cardboard bungalow in Washington, for eighty per month; but at the last moment the company sent him home, and I went home alone.
I had a dog, for a few days at least, until he ran away. An old Dodge and a Finnish woman who made my bed and over the electric stove murmured Finnish wisdom and made breakfast.
For a day or so I was lonely until one morning a man stopped me on the road, recently arrived.
"How do you get to West Egg?" he asked, not understanding.
Sherlock Holmes has always been woman.
I rarely heard him talk about her by any other name.
In his eyes, she is fully developed and dominant.
However, he never felt anything like love for Irene Adler.
All feelings, especially this one, were abhorrent to his cold, but well-balanced mind.
The studio was filled with the rich smell of roses, and when the wind in the garden blew, the heavy scent of lilac came through the open door. The delicate perfume of pink thorn came through the open door.
From the corner of the divan of Persian baggage, on which he was lying with a pack of cigarettes in his hand, Lord Henry Wotton could just catch the gleam of the honey-sweet and honey-coloured flowers of a laburnum, whose branches seemed to bear the burden of a beauty so flamelike as theirs. He thought of the painters of Tokyo, who through the medium of an art that is necessarily immobile, try to convey the sense of swiftness and motion, now and then the fantastic shadows of birds in flight, and made him think of those pallid, jade-faced painters of Tokyo.
The bees' dull murmur as they shouldering their way through the long, mown grass seemed to make the stillness more oppressive. They circling around the straggling woodbine with monotonous insistency.
The London noises were like the distant sound of an organ.
In the centre of the room, attached to a tall easel, stood a full-length portrait of a young man of extraordinary personal beauty. In front of him sat the artist himself, Basil Hallward, whose sudden death some years ago gave rise to so many strange conjectures and caused a great deal of public interest.
When Gregor Samsa woke up one morning from a dream, he found himself turned into a horrible monster.
He was on his back, and could see his brown belly if he raised his head a little. It was slightly domed, and divided into stiff sections.
The bedding could barely cover it and it looked ready to fall off at any time.
His many legs, which were significantly smaller than his body size, waved helplessly as he looked.
"What is going on?" he thought.
On an extremely hot evening in July a young man came out of S. Place, the apartment in which he was living, and walked slowly towards K. bridge.
He had just successfully met his girlfriend on the stairs.
His house was on a high, five-story building. His garret was more like a cabinet than a room.
The woman who gave him lodging, meals, and appointments lived on the ground floor. Whenever he went out, he had to pass through her kitchen, and it always was open.
And every time he went by, the young man felt sick and afraid. He would turn away and feel shame.
He was deeply in debt to his landlord and did not want to meet her.
This was not because he was cowardly or anything like that. Quite the contrary, he had been in an irritable, overstrained condition, almost hypochondria.
He was so wrapped up in himself and isolated from his friends that he dreaded meeting anyone - not only his landlord, but anyone.
Poverty crushed him, but his financial concerns had finally no longer weighed on him.
However, when he was going out this evening, he became aware of his fears.
Plump Buck Mulligan came from the stairhead with a bowl of lather. He was holding a razor and a mirror.
An ungirdled yellow dressing gown was hanging gently behind him in the morning air.
Then he raised the bowl and said: Introibo ad altare Dei.
He stopped, looked down the long, narrow stairway and called out coarsely.
Bring it out, Kinch. Bring it out, jesuit!
Then he went forward and set up the round gun.
He turned around and blessed the whole tower, the surrounding mountains, and the land.
And when he saw Stephen Dedalus, he turned toward him and began to cross the air quickly, choking and shaking his head.
Stephen Dedalus, looking dejected and sleepy, stood at the top of the stairs. He looked down at the beautiful horse-length face that had blessed him, gray in color and smooth of hair, like pale oak.
Buck Mulligan looked under the mirror and smartly covered the bowl.
It is a melancholy object to those who walk through this great town, or travel in the country, when they see the streets, and cabbin-doorways, crowded with women beggars, who bring in every passenger with their children, three, four, or six children, all in rags.
These mothers, instead of being able to work for their honest livelihood, are forced to spend all their time looking for food for their helpless infants. As children grow, they may become thieves or sell themselves to the Barbadoes, or leave their country for fight for the king of Spain.
But my purpose is far from being limited to providing only for the children of so-called beggars. To a great extent, I would like to take in as many children as possible at a certain age who are born to parents who earn as little as those who ask us for charity in the streets.
As for myself, having studied this important subject for many years, I have always weighed our various projectors maturely. I have always found them to be grossly incorrect in their calculations.
Again, I subtract fifty thousand for women who miscarry or within the year die children by accident or disease.
Only a hundred and twenty thousand children are born every year from poor parents.
Therefore, I will now put forward my own thoughts, which I hope will not come under any objection.
I have been told by a very well-informed American in London that a healthy young child, given proper care, is a most delicious and healthy food, whether boiled, roasted, stewed or baked; and I do not doubt that it would be delicious in any form of food.
At a year old the remaining hundred thousand may be sold to good men and women through the kingdom, the mother being always advised to let them suck for the last month or so, in order to make them fat and fat for a good table.
When friends come for entertainment, a child can make two dishes. When the family is alone, a reasonable dish can be made from the fore or hind quarter, seasoned with a little salt and pepper, and boiled, especially in winter.
Mr. Utterson the lawyer was a man of a rugged appearance, never smiled; he was cold and hard of hearing; he was backward in feeling, lean, long, dusty, and had no vanity.
When the wine was to his taste, at friendly meetings, something extraordinary appeared in his eye; something that never entered his talk, but that spoke not only in these silent symbols of after-dinner face, but also in the everyday life more often and clearly.
He was reserved to himself, and when he was alone he drank gin to get a taste for wine. He enjoyed theatre, but had not been to a theatre for twenty years.
But he had a certain tolerance for others, sometimes feeling almost envy by the high spirits involved in their misdeeds; and he was at all times more likely to help than to apologize.
He used to say, "I support Cain's heresy, and I have let my brother go to the devil alone.
In this role, it was often his luck to be the last good friend and the last good influence in the lives of departing men.
And when these things happened in his chamber, he never showed a single change in his appearance.
No doubt it was easy for Mr. Utterson to do this, for he was at best unassertive, and even his friendship seemed to be based on the same good nature.
A humble man's mark is to accept ready-made opportunity into his friendly circle, and that was the lawyer's way.
His friends were those he had known the longest, or those of his own blood; his affections were like ivy growing, but they had no effect on the object.
My father's family name was Pirrip, and my Christian name Philip. Nothing longer or more specific could be made of both names than Pip.
Then, she called herself Pip and was called Pip.
On the authority of his tombstone I give Pirrip as my father's family name and my sister Mrs. Joe Gargery who married the blacksmith.
As I never saw my father or mother, and never saw any likeness of either of them, (for their days were long before the days of photographs), the only thing that I could discern about them was their tombstones.
The shape of my father's letters gave me an odd idea. He was a dark, square-shaped man with black hair.
From the turn and character of the "Also Georgiana Wife of the Above," I came to the conclusion that my mother was sick and freckled.
I am indebted to five little stone pendants, each about a foot and a half long, which were arranged in a neat row beside their grave. They were sacred to the memory of five little brothers of mine, who had all been born on their backs, and had never taken them out in this state of existence.
Our land was the marsh country by the river, twenty miles along the river, within the sea.
My first very clear and wide impression of things identity appears to have been made on a special raw afternoon just before evening.
At that time I found out for certain that this place, which was now overgrown with nettles, was the churchyard; that the river was distant, and that the wild animals, from which the wind was blowing, were the sea; and that Alexander, Bartholomew, Abraham, Tobias, and Roger, the children of the above mentioned, were dead and buried. I also found out that the place, which was now the churchyard, was now overgrown with nettles, had cattle feed on it.
