By this curious turn of disposition I have gained the reputation of deliberate heartlessness; how undeserved, I alone can appreciate.
Guests are so exceedingly rare in this house that I and my dogs, I am willing to own, hardly know how to receive them.
I found him very intelligent on the topics we touched; and before I went home, I was encouraged so far as to volunteer another visit to-morrow.
I stared—she stared also: at any rate, she kept her eyes on me in a cool, regardless manner, exceedingly embarrassing and disagreeable.
Perceiving myself in a blunder, I attempted to correct it.
By the end of eleven years, however, Mrs. Price could no longer afford to cherish pride or resentment, or to lose one connexion that might possibly assist her.
A niece of ours, Sir Thomas, I may say, or at least of yours, would not grow up in this neighbourhood without many advantages.
You are thinking of your sons—but do not you know that, of all things upon earth, that is the least likely to happen, brought up as they would be, always together like brothers and sisters?
I dare say there is always some reputable tradesman's wife or other going up.
Mrs. Norris was sorry to say that the little girl's staying with them, at least as things then were, was quite out of the question.
And what was the secret of form or expression which gave the dynamic quality to her glance?
Round two long tables were gathered two serried crowds of human beings, all save one having their faces and attention bent on the tables.
His attention was arrested by a young lady who, standing at an angle not far from him, was the last to whom his eyes traveled.
But in the course of that survey her eyes met Deronda's, and instead of averting them as she would have desired to do, she was unpleasantly conscious that they were arrested—how long?
In the evening the same room was more stiflingly heated, was brilliant with gas and with the costumes of ladies who floated their trains along it or were seated on the ottomans.
I wish either my father or my mother, or indeed both of them, as they were in duty both equally bound to it, had minded what they were about when they begot me.
Believe me, good folks, this is not so inconsiderable a thing as many of you may think it.
To my uncle Mr. Toby Shandy do I stand indebted for the preceding anecdote, to whom my father, who was an excellent natural philosopher, and much given to close reasoning upon the smallest matters, had oft, and heavily complained of the injury.
These last words, you must know, were not according to the old form in which such licences, faculties, and powers usually ran, which in like cases had heretofore been granted to the sisterhood.
I maintain this to be a dedication, notwithstanding its singularity in the three great essentials of matter, form and place.
As the manager of the Performance sits before the curtain on the boards and looks into the Fair, a feeling of profound melancholy comes over him in his survey of the bustling place.
A man with a reflective turn of mind, walking through an exhibition of this sort, will not be oppressed, I take it, by his own or other people's hilarity.
Some people consider fairs immoral altogether, and eschew such, with their servants and families: very likely they are right.
What more has the manager of the performance to say?
In the present instance Miss Pinkerton's "billet" was to the following effect:
They had grown up together from childhood. Edith had always been noted for prettiness; but Margaret had never thought about it until recently, when the prospect of soon losing her companion gave force to Edith's charms.
Margaret's tall figure set off the long folds of the gorgeous shawls that would have halfsmothered Edith.
If Mrs. Shaw had guessed at the real reason why Mrs. Hale did not accompany her husband, she would have showered down gowns upon her sister; but it was nearly twenty years since Mrs. Shaw had been the poor, pretty Miss Beresford, and she had forgotten all misfortunes except that of disparity of age in marriage, on which she could talk by the half-hour.
Her face brightened as she put down her board, and went forward to shake hands with him.
Here was she disturbed and unhappy, because her instinct had made her refuse him; while he, not many minutes after a rejection of what ought to have been the holiest proposal of his life, could speak as if law briefs, success, and agreeable society were the sole objects of his desires.
You may have a taste of the exciting, perhaps towards the middle and close of the meal, but the first dish set upon the table shall be one that a Catholic might eat on Good Friday: it shall be cold lentils and vinegar; unleavened bread with bitter herbs, and no roast lamb.
Mr. Sweeting is complaining that his slice of roast beef is very tough; Mr. Donne says the beer is flat.
He was a conscientious, hard-headed, brave, stern, implacable, faithful little man; almost without sympathy, prejudiced, and rigid, but a man true to principle, intelligent, and sincere.
It was only because Moore was a sort of half-British alien that he could listen to them without indulging his wish to cane the speaker.
A Yorkshire gentleman he was in every point; about fifty-five years old, but looking older, for his hair was silver white.
Let me introduce Lady Carbury, as she sits at her writing-table in her house in Welbeck Street.
The nature of her devotion may be learned by viewing the three letters she had written this morning.
She was the widow of one Sir Patrick Carbury, who had done great things as a soldier in India, and had been made a baronet.
Because of this, Lady Carbury's dabbling in literature had become hard work by which money might be earned.
Lady Carbury's house in Welbeck Street was modest; but she had made it pretty and pleasant, and was proud to feel that she had comfortable belongings around her when her literary friends came to see her on Tuesday evenings.
By blood she was connected with some very big people indeed; but she had known and seen little of these distant relations.
It was a small house squeezed in between two large mansions which seemed to crush it.
But as I am involved in them, I may be biased.
It will be understood that George Vavasor did not roam about in the woods in leather clothes and sandals, like Robinson Crusoe.
Alice had been very happy, more happy perhaps as a joint minister to her cousin George's idle fantasies, than she would have been with him as her slave.
Here sits the Lord High Chancellor with a foggy glory round his head, softly fenced in with crimson cloth and curtains, addressed by a large lawyer with great whiskers. 
Some twenty members of the High Court of Chancery bar are here, engaged in one of the ten thousand stages of an endless cause, tripping one another up on slippery precedents, groping knee-deep in technicalities, and putting on serious faces, as actors might.
My Lady Dedlock has returned to her house in town for a few days before departing for Paris, where she intends to stay some weeks.
My heart was filled so full that I was not able to speak.
He did not speak to me any more until he got out of the coach a little way short of Reading, when he advised me to be a good girl and to be studious, and shook hands with me.
Everyone knows that a rich single man needs a wife.
The man may not have these feelings. However, when this man enters a neighborhood, the neighbors think that he will marry their daughters.
One day, Mr. Bennet's wife said to him, "My dear Mr. Bennet, have you heard that someone moved into Netherfield Park?"
Mr. Bennet said that he had not.
She replied, "They did. Mrs. Long was here, and she told me all about it."
Mr. Bennet was one of the first people to visit Mr. Bingley. 
He always planned to visit him, but he told his wife that he would not go. She did not know about the visit until the next.
He revealed it in the following way. 
He noticed his second daughter decorating a hat and said, "I hope Mr. Bingley will like it, Lizzy."
Her mother was resentful. She said, "We will never know what Mr. Bingley likes because we will never visit him."
Mrs. Bennet and her five daughters asked Mr. Bennet questions about Mr. Bingley. However, Mr. Bennet did not describe him well.
They attacked him in various ways. They asked direct questions and made suggestions, but he did not answer. In the end, they had to hear about it from their neighbor, Lady Lucas. 
Her report was very positive.
Sir William liked him very much. 
He was young, handsome, friendly, and he planned to be at the next assembly with a large group.
He and Darcy were good friends even though they had different personalities. 
Darcy liked Bingley because he had an easygoing and friendly personality. Darcy's personality was the opposite, and he was okay with that. 
Bingley trusted Darcy, and he trusted his opinions. 
Bingley was not dumb, but Darcy was very smart. 
However, he was snobbish, quiet, and picky. He had good manners, but he was unfriendly.
You will be happy to hear that nothing bad has happened even though you thought it would. 
I arrived here yesterday. My first task is to tell my dear sister that I am well and that I am more confident in what I am about to do.
I am already far north of London. As I walk in the streets of Petersburgh, I feel a cold breeze on my cheeks. It makes me feel brave and joyful. 
Do you know this feeling? 
This breeze comes from the place I am going to, and it gives me an early taste of the icy weather.
Next, Alice followed after it. She did not think about how she would get out again.
The rabbit-hole went straight like a tunnel for some way. Then it suddenly dipped down. It was so suddenly that Alice did not have time to think about stopping herself before she fell down a very deep well.
Either the well was very deep, or she fell very slowly. She had enough time to look around her and to wonder what was going to happen next. 
First, she tried to look down and make out what she was coming to, but it was too dark to see anything. Then she looked at the sides of the well. She noticed that they were filled with cupboards and book-shelves. She also saw maps and pictures on the wall. 
She took a jar from one of the shelves as she passed. It was labelled "ORANGE MARMALADE", but it was empty. She was disappointed. She did not want to drop the jar. She was afraid of killing somebody below, so she put it into one of the cupboards.
The smart thing was to find rooms in the city, but it was summer, and I had just left a country of wide lawns and trees. So, when a young coworker suggested that we live together in a commuting town, it sounded like a great idea. 
He found an ugly cheap bungalow at eighty a month. However, at the last minute, the company made him go to Washington, and I went out to the country alone.
I had a dog for a few days until he ran away. I also had an old Dodge and a Finnish woman, who made my bed, cooked breakfast, and talked to herself over the stove.
It was lonely until a newcomer stopped me on the road one morning.
"How do you get to West Egg village?" he asked helplessly.
To Sherlock Holmes, she is always the woman. 
I have rarely heard him call her any other name. 
In his eyes she is better than any other woman. 
He did not feel an emotion like love for Irene Adler. 
His cold, exact, and balanced mind hated all emotions, especially that one. 
The studio was filled with the smell of roses. The scent of lilac and pink roses came through the door when the summer wind blew the trees in the garden.
Lord Henry Wotton lay in the corner of the sofa and smoked many cigarettes. He could just see the bright honey blossoms of a laburnum tree. Its shaking branches could barely stand the burden of the blossoms' fiery beauty. Sometimes, the shadows of flying birds flew across the long silk curtains in front of the big window. This produced a momentary Japanese effect, and it made him think of the Tokyo painters who try to show motion through art that stays still. 
The sad hum of the bees flying through the long grass, or circling around the woodbine, made the stillness feel worse. 
The dim London noise was like the low note of a faraway organ.
A full-length portrait of a beautiful man was attached to an easel in the middle of the room. Basil Hallward was the artist, and he was sitting in front of it. He had disappeared a few years ago, and people had many odd guesses about why.
Gregor Samsa woke from bad dreams one morning, and he found that he had turned into an awful pest. 
He lay on his hard back. If he lifted his head, he could see his brown belly. It was slightly domed and divided into stiff sections.
The blanket could barely cover it. It looked like it would slide off at any moment. 
His many thin legs moved around helplessly as he looked.
"What has happened to me?" he thought.
On a hot evening in July, a young man left his attic apartment in S. Place and walked hesitantly towards K. Bridge.
He managed to avoid running into his landlady.
His apartment was under the roof of a five-story house and was very small.
His landlady lived on the floor below, so he had to pass her open kitchen door every time he went out.
Every time he passed, he felt anxious, which made him frown and feel guilty. 
He owed a lot of money to his landlady and was afraid to meet her.
He wasn't a coward; he had just been very stressed for some time.
He had become so self-absorbed and isolated that he dreaded meeting anyone at all.
He was extremely poor, but he no longer worried about that.
However, he became very aware of his fears when he came out tonight.
Buck Mulligan, a large man, came from the top of the stairs carrying a bowl, mirror, and razor.
A yellow robe drifted behind him on the morning air.
He held up the bowl and said: Introibo ad altare Dei.
He looked down the dark stairs and called:
Come up, Kinch! Come up, you scared Jesuit!
He came onto the round platform slowly.
He turned and blessed the tower, the surrounding land, and the mountains.
When he saw Stephen Dedalus, he then bent towards him and made quick crosses in the air, gurgling and shaking his head.
Stephen Dedalus, upset and sleepy, leaned on the staircase. He looked coldly at the man who blessed him, whose face was long and whose hair was light like pale oak.
Buck Mulligan peered under the mirror and then covered the bowl again.
Those who walk through this town find it sad to see the streets filled with begging women and their children.
These mothers are forced to spend their time begging for their children, who will grow up to be thieves or leave the country.
But my plan is far from providing only for children of actual beggars. It is of much greater extent, and will consider all infants who are born to parents unable to support them.
As for myself, I have thought much about this important subject. I considered the ideas of many others, but found their math to be flawed. 
I subtract fifty thousand for the miscarriages, accidental deaths, and deaths by disease within one year.
There are only a hundred and twenty thousand children born to poor parents each year.
I now humbly propose my own thoughts and hope they will not displease.
An American friend told me that a healthy one-year-old child is quite delicious, whether stewed, roasted, baked, or boiled.
The remaining hundred thousand may be sold to wealthy citizens when they are a year old. The mothers will be urged to feed them well in the last month so that they are fat.
A child will make two dishes for a party or one good dish when eating alone. Add pepper or salt, and it will be good boiled in the winter.
Mr. Utterson was a lawyer who looked rough and never smiled. He was quiet, reserved, thin, tall, and sad but lovable.
His look became human when with friends and good wine. It never showed in his talk, but it did in his face and in his actions.
He was strict with himself. He drank gin instead of wine when he was alone, and he had not visited a theater in twenty years although he enjoyed it.
But he was very tolerant of others and sometimes marveled at the energy they put into their misdeeds. He preferred to help rather than scold.
He used to say, "I like Cain's vice. I let my brother go to the devil in his own way."
He was often the last good friend and influence to men losing their way.
As long as they visited him, he never changed his ways.
Of course this was easy for Mr. Utterson; he was not emotional. Even his friendship was based in good will.
A modest man accepts the friends given by fate, and this is what the lawyer did.
His friends were family and those he had known the longest. His interests also grew from time.
My family name was Pirrip and my first name was Philip, but I could not say nothing longer than Pip as a child.
So, I called myself Pip, and others did too.
I learned Pirrip is my father's family name from his tombstone and my sister, Mrs. Joe Gargery, who married the blacksmith.
I never saw my father or mother, so I based their looks on their tombstones.
The letter shapes made me think my father was a square, dark man with curly black hair.
From the style of the writing, "Also Georgiana Wife of the Above," I though my mother was freckled and sick.
The five stones beside the grave, each about a foot and a half long, represented my five little brothers who gave up their lives early. The stones made me believe that they had all been born on their backs with their hands in their pockets and stayed that way for life.
We lived in the marsh, by the river, twenty miles from the sea.
I got my first real picture of things on a late afternoon.
I found out for certain that this place with nettles was the churchyard. Philip Pirrip and his wife, Georgiana, were dead and buried. Their children, Alexander, Bartholomew, Abraham, Tobias, and Roger, were dead and buried. This surrounding flat land with mounds and cows was the marsh. The low grey line was the river. The savage source of the wind was the sea. And the small boy shivering in fear and starting to cry was Pip.